{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green133\blue214;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c6275\c52157\c83922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf0 C
\fs31\fsmilli15750 OMIC
\fs42  S
\fs31\fsmilli15750 CRIPT
\fs42  F
\fs31\fsmilli15750 ORMAT
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Contributed by Antony Johnson
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs36 \cf2 About This Template
\fs24 \cf0 \
When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a script suitable for comics and graphic novels. There is no industry standard for comic scripting, so this template was created by comics writer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.antonyjohnston.com"}}{\fldrslt Antony Johnston}}, based on his earlier Final Draft template:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://antonyjohnston.com/resources/samplescripts.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://antonyjohnston.com/resources/samplescripts.php}}\
\
Antony has also written an article for his website, demonstrating how he uses Scrivener and this template:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://antonyjohnston.com/resources/scriveningcomics.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://antonyjohnston.com/resources/scriveningcomics.php}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Antony\'92s original Final Draft template was designed in partnership with Andy Diggle, whose own template could equally serve as a basis for your own Scrivener comic script format:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Or, you could create an entirely new template that fits the way you work, using Format > Script Settings\'85 to completely customise the script template.\
\

\fs36 \cf2 How To Use This Template
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Title Page
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}A document entitled \'93Title Page\'94 can be found in the \'93Front Matter\'94 folder. This is used to hold the title, by-line and your name and address. Be sure to change the information in this document as appropriate.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Story Pages
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Pages are represented by text documents in the \'93Draft 1\'94 folder. Upon compile for export or print, a page break is inserted between them.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Note that the \'93Draft 1\'94 folder is what we refer to in the documentation as the \'93Draft folder\'94. A number has been appended for use in headers during Compile - see below.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Each \'93Page\'94 can contain numerous panels, followed by the description text and dialogue for that panel.\
{\listtext	\'95	}To create new pages, one way is to go to the Projects menu and select New From Template 
\f3 >
\f1  Comic Page. The new, blank page will appear immediately below the current Binder selection. You can also click and hold the green \'93Add\'94 toolbar button to select the \'93Comic Page\'94 document type, or hit Shift-Opt-Cmd-N on the keyboard. However, the easiest way is to click \'93Add\'94 or hit Cmd-N - while the focus is in the \'93Comic Script\'94 folder, new documents created will automatically be based on the \'93Comic Page\'94 template (which can be found in the \'93Templates\'94 folder). This is because the \'93Comic Script\'94 folder is set to use the \'93Comic Page\'94 template as its default document type (this has been set via Documents > Default Template for Subdocuments).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs36 \cf2 Compiling
\b\fs24 \cf0 \

\b0 To compile, go to File > Compile and ensure that \'93Comic Script\'94 is selected in the list of formats on the left.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Page Headers
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Page headers use the settings in the Metadata pane of Compile, which can be accessed by clicking the tag icon above the contents list on the right of the Compile panel. Be sure to set the title of the project and writer name there.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Page headers also display a draft number. This is taken from the title of the Draft folder. In a new project, this is \'93Draft 1\'94. Be sure to change the title of the Draft folder if you wish to increment the draft number.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs36 \cf2 About the Styles Used
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}This template contains the most common styles used for comics: 
\i Page Number, Panel Number, Panel Description, Character, Dialogue
\i0  and 
\i Parenthetical
\i0 .\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Page Number
\b0  appears only once for each page, at the top of the document. Pressing TAB after typing will insert the <$N> character string, which will be replaced with sequential numbering upon compile and so allows you to auto-number your pages.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Panel Number
\b0  is used to denote a single panel of comic art on the page. Press TAB after typing to insert the <$sn> string, which will auto-number your panels within each page during the Compile process. Press ENTER to automatically put the text into 
\i Panel Description
\i0  mode.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Panel Description
\b0  is used to describe the image within each panel of art. Multiple paragraphs of 
\i Panel Description
\i0  text can be used in a panel description. Therefore, press ENTER after typing to keep the text in 
\i Panel Description
\i0  mode. To enter 
\i Character
\i0  mode, press TAB either after typing, or while on a blank line.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Character
\b0  denotes a speaking character within a panel, and precedes their dialogue. Press ENTER to put the text into 
\i Dialogue
\i0  mode. Press TAB to make notes on lettering style for the dialogue that follows, e.g. \'93Large\'94, \'93Small\'94, \'93Jagged\'94, or \'93Off\'94 (useful for when a speaking character is not visible in panel). These notes are usually made in parentheses, so in this template a left parenthesis (i.e. the \'93
\b (
\b0 \'94 character) is automatically inserted after the character\'92s name, and the auto-complete library for this style contains text with closed parentheses. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Caption boxes are regarded as dialogue, and so \'93CAPTION\'94 should be used in place of a character name, followed by the text to appear in the box.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sound effects are similarly denoted with \'93SFX\'94.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If a panel is completely silent (i.e. has no dialogue, caption or sound effect) then a character of \'93NO DIALOGUE\'94 should be entered, ending the panel.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Dialogue
\b0  is the speech of each character. Dialogue is not broken up into true paragraphs. Therefore, press ENTER to move the text back into 
\i Panel Description
\i0  mode. If you wish to break a long section of dialogue into multiple balloons, press TAB to enter 
\i Parenthetical
\i0  mode.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Parenthetical
\b0  is used to link together multiple dialogue balloons spoken by the same character in a single panel. Simply type \'93cont\'94 and hit either TAB or ENTER; parentheses will automatically be placed around the \'93cont\'94 text, and the text will return to 
\i Dialogue
\i0  mode on a new line.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Other lettering notes can also be made in the parentheticals after the \'93cont\'94 text, e.g. \'93cont, small\'94 or \'93cont, jagged\'94. Lettering notes that affect the entire dialogue should be made on the 
\i Character
\i0  line, as noted above.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs36 \cf2 Sample Document
\fs24 \cf0 \
See the \'93Comic Script\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a document that has been created using this template, and to see a short sample of how a comic script using Antony\'92s format should look.\
\

\fs36 \cf2 Final Note
\fs24 \cf0 \
Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work.\
\
Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the \'93Blank\'94 template. We\'92ve simply added a few folders and set everything up in ways that should be useful to comic script writers. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a \'93Blank\'94 project and setting it up yourself.\
\
You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.\
\
Thank you to Antony Johnston for contributing this template.}