{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2001. DAY. SAUL & KATES KITCHEN.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL and KATE sit across from each other, Each drinks a coffee. They are melancholic.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the morning, to my relief, you are ugly. The grey sun bleaches your face through our kitchen window.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 2\
SAUL stands at the kitchen counter refilling his coffee cup from a pot. Kate is still seated at the table.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Its weak rays bleed you. The skin between your breasts is a thin skeen over a picket cage. Your hair scraped behind.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
KATE smokes. Her coffee raised from the table as she stares into the middle distance.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>KATE\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You make me feel like a sodding drudge.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 4\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Every drab wrinkle at your eyes is a pleasure and a revenge. Each smoky cough a joy. I can hear the children in the garden.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2001. DAY. SHOWER. SAUL & KATES BATHROOM.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL and KATE are naked in the shower. They are standing, kissing, and making love.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Later you come to me with kisses full of mint and fever. A maze.\ul \ulc0 \
}