{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb480\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 2013. DAY. SUNNY AND WARM. LAPINS BACK GARDEN. Lapin sits at his patio table drinking red wine rapidly from a large glass. In his left hand is the diary. His drinking hand is shaking a little and he is very hungover.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>\
<$ScrKeepWithNext>OLD FEMALE NEIGHBOUR\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Morning Mr Kramer. How are you this fine day?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>\
<$ScrKeepWithNext>LAPIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fine. All fine... (under his breath) ...And if you don't turn that bloody mower off I'm going to give you the sharpest bloody enema you have ever bloody had.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The neighbour, oblivious, continues to mow her lawn while Lapin glowers at her, imagining vengeance.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Lapin settles back into reading. He is fully absorbed. He drinks.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
Lapin is suddenly standing bolt upright. The chair has fallen over. His eyes are wide and his mouth is wide open in a ridiculous fashion. His glass has fallen from his hand and spilt red wine onto his crotch and thighs. He still holds the open diary. The top half of the neighbour can be seen over the garden fence, in the background. Her mouth is hanging open. \
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>LAPIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Oh Francisco... you beautiful beneficent bugger!\ul \
}