{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 2002. DAY. GRAVEYARD.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All the graves are in poor condition - weed choked, and stripped of their marble. Some are broken.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It is strange how once graves are abandoned, the people in them are truly dead.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 2\
Kate is walking among the graves.\
Panel 3\
Kate stands in front of a gravestone. She reads the inscription, which is of a child - a girl. The inscription should read "Rebecca Caplin. Our little angel. Born 13/06/1903 Died 24/12/1906."\
Panel 4\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2002. DAY. HOSPITAL ROOM.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kate lays in a hospital bed. She is unhappy, staring vacantly.\
Panel 5\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2002. NIGHT. SAUL & KATES BEDROOM.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KATE lays on her side in the bed. She faces the reader. SAUL sits behind her. His hand is on her shoulder.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I was away working when she miscarried. A girl.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 6\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2002. DAY. SAUL & KATES GARDEN.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KATE sits on a garden bench. She has a book open on her knee but is staring off to her left. SAUL is in the background. He is mowing the lawn.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Over the next few days we lied to each other.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I told her I understood. Kate said she believed me.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 After that we didn't speak of our daughter again.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}