{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 P\ulnone PANEL 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. ON THE RIVER. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The boat is moving slowly through the water. The river seems wide. There is some mist on the water. Small patches of wake are seen around the tips of the oars as they breach the water.\
Panel 2\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How long will the crossing take?\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
The old woman looks sardonic. She waves a hand at the far river bank.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FERRY WOMAN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As long as it takes. Do you dislike my dreary coast?\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 4\
CALVINO's hand trails over the side of the boat and his fingers dip into the water.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FERRY WOMAN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You might want to reconsider that my friend.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
Dark shapes can be seen in the water around the boat. The moonlight does not allow us to see what they are, but occasionally the broad back of something breaks the surfaces for a moment.\
Panel 6\
The men look nervously at the water around the boat. Calvino has moved his hand from the water.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FERRY WOMAN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Settle down. You lot are more dangerous than anything out there.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FERRY WOMAN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Well, one of you is anyway.\ul \ulc0 \
}