{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY. 1936. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The men (RICHARD and EDWARD are prominent in the panel). They are seen from the rear, with GRANDMOTHER walking ahead of them.\
Panel 2\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY TO NIGHT. 1936. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. The men are seen in a single line - we see the right hand profile. The left of the panel should be daylight, and as the eye travels along the width of the panel, it should become night.\
Panel 3\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY. 1936. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. Our view is from a rooftop looking down into the street. We are looking down upon the men while the walk along the street. We are looking over the shoulders of the three eyeless, winged, women. One of the womens hands rests on a roof tile. Next to it we can see the shape of a line. It is the same as the lion carved into the tree trunk by Anbessa.\
Panel 4\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: NIGHT TO DAY. 1936. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. The men are seen in a single line - we see the right hand profile. The left of the panel should be night, and as the eye travels along the width of the panel, it should become day.}