{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. FOREST PATH. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 PIETER lays, (in the lower foreground of the panel), at the bottom of a small rocky slope. He is half laying in a stream. BLASCO kneels beside him. RICHARD and EDWARD stand, (in the upper background of the panel), at the top of the slope.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How bad?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>BLASCO\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cay\'f3. El tobillo est\'e1 roto. No mal, pero no puede caminar sobre \'e9l.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 2\
RICHARD and EDWARD are looking at each other.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I don't...\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 He fell. Ankle's broken. Quite a bit of blood on show.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
The five men at the top of the bank are looking at each other.\
Panel 4\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We can't leave him. Edward, tell them. He must go with us.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mi amigo quiere llevarlo con nosotros.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
The men continue to look at each other.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERGEANT\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 S\'ed.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A stretcher... We'll make a stretcher. We can take turns.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 6\
The men walk in single file through the forest. RICHARD and another - not EDWARD, are carrying PIETER on a stretcher.\ul \ulc0 \
}