{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR. 1936. DAY. PLAZA. VILLAGE. The men stand in the centre of the plaza. There are no signs of life from the village at all. The buildings look in poor condition and have not been maintained. They do not, however, look derelict. Just uncared for.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>MATEO\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Where is everyone?\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
SERAFIN is looking at the bar on the edge of the plaza.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERAFIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I could do with a drink.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERGEANT\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 And food. Come on.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERAFIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thank God.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I want to find someone first. Richard?\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR. 1936. DAY. STREET. VILLAGE. We see RICHARD and EDWARD, from the rear, walking along a narrow street. There are houses on both sides of the street. The street slopes downwards steeply. Any streets visible should slope downwards.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR. 1936. DAY. RIVERBANK. VILLAGE. EDWARD and RICHARD stand at the end of the street. Our view is over the shoulders. We see the, (200 or so), village inhabitants. They are by, and in, the river that flows through the village at its lowest point.\
Half the villagers are on the banks of the river. They are in a state of turmoil. Half, (the prodigal), are feverishly throwing food, drink and money into the air. The other half, (the avaricious), are scrabbling at their feet, grasping the things thrown by the prodigal. They paw at the prodigal for more. No-one is happy - there should be a desperate, hysterical, air to it. The prodigal and the avaricious should look like they are arguing with each other.\
The remainder of the villagers are in the river. They are fighting - punching and biting each other. At the edges of the river, in the mud and froth churned up by the fighting, lay exhausted villagers - indolent and uncaring.\
Overall, the panel should be bigger than the others - perhaps the width of the page. It should have a Heronymous Bosch feel to it. A stone bridge, in the middle of the panel, should cross the narrow river.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR. 1936. DAY. BRIDGE. RIVER. VILLAGE. EDWARD and RICHARD stand on the bridge over the river. EDWARD leans on the parapet of the bridge with his arms crossed. He looks quietly amused. RICHARD stands a little back from the edge of the bridge. He looks shocked and uncomfortable, as if he does not want to get too close to the madness of the villagers below.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This is horrible. What is going on?\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 No idea. But my money is on the big bloke in the red shirt. Hell of a right hand.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
RICHARD looks a little frightened of EDWARD.\
\
}