{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 2013. DAY. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL and ISABEL are seen from behind, looking down a forest path. Sitting in the middle of the path, some 30 feet away, is a large wolf... The wolf is in poor condition, skinny, mangy... It emanates hunger and want.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SAUL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thats... Thats a wolf!\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ISABEL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Of a sort.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 2\
ISABEL pulls Saul by his arm. Her right hand is in the side pocket of her backpack.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ISABEL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Stand behind me.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
ISABEL throws a handful of ground herbs upon the path in front of them. It is the same motion used when hand sowing seeds.\
Panel 4\
The wolf leaves the path at 90 degrees. It's head is turned towards them both. There is real hunger and malice upon its face.\
Panel 5\
SAUL and ISABEL are walking along the forest path. In silhouette between the tree trunks we see the wolf tracking them from behind.\
Panel 6\
The panel shows SAULS hand enveloping ISABELS. Only their wrists and hands are visible.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SAUL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Isabel. I'm glad you're with me.\ul \ulc0 \
}