{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 P\ulnone PANEL 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR. 1936. DAY. PLAZA. VILLAGE.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EDWARD and RICHARD are walking towards the village bar.\
Panel 2\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR. 1936. DAY. BAR. VILLAGE.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The men are in the bar. They are seated at a table. With them is a rheumy old priest. He is drunk and looks like its his normal state. He has wine stains on the front of his clothing. EDWARD and RICHARD stand at the edge of the table.\
Panel 3\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERAFIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Meet our new friend, Father Ramon. He is not a good Catholic.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FATHER RAMON\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I am a splendid Catholic. The Church is not a good Catholic however.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>MATEO\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Good luck telling them that.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 4\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERGEANT\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The good Father has very kindly been describing the struggle between a good, spiritual world of light, and an evil, material world of darkness.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FATHER RAMON\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yes. Through an ongoing process which takes place in human history, light is gradually removed from the world of matter and returned to the world of light from which it came.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 So you're saying we - as matter - will end in darkness?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>FATHER RAMON\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yes. I'm afraid so.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Might be something in it. Have you looked at the world recently.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Very funny.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 6\
ANBESSA is looking up and pointing upwards with his finger.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ANBESSA\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We should watch out.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Why?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ANBESSA\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Two heretics in one room at the same time. Seems like tempting fate?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fine. A room full of comedians.\ul \ulc0 \
}