{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 P\ulnone PANEL 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR. 2008.DAY. SUNNY AFTERNOON. PUBLIC PARK.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Saul sits on a park bench. His arms are wide along the ridge of the seat back. He is smiling gently... watching a bunch of kids playing football... Day dreaming.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I feel a sense of release. A calm after the storm.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 2\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A sense of freedom. I'm going to be better - a finer man. This is a new chance.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
The ball is kicked high in the air. We see a close up of it in the sunny sky.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I see new horizons. I'm going to be more focussed at work. Get promoted.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 4\
The ball bounces and rolls to SAULS feet as he sits. He smiles.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I should get fit. Play some sport. Lose some weight...\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
SAUL is standing. He is kicking the ball back to the boys.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ... (if I ever want to have sex again).\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 6\
The foreground of the panel is two kids talking to each other. They are laughing. SAUL can be seen in the background walking off towards the park entry gates.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>KID 1\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Who's the old bloke?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>KID 2\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dunno... Some pedo.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}