{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
INTERIOR: 2006. NIGHT. LAPIN & KATES GARAGE. Its Christmas. The garage door is raised. LAPIN stands in the dark just inside the open door. He is holding two bottles of wine by their necks.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
LAPIN is looking through the wide window into his kitchen. KATE is standing in the kitchen talking to MARK.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
INTERIOR: 2006. NIGHT. LAPIN & KATES KITCHEN. KATE is talking gently to CHRISTOPHER - a friend from work. He has brought her a gift. It is in a small box and has a bow upon it. She has coyly laid a finger on his chest. It is too intimate for normal friends.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
INTERIOR: 2006. NIGHT. LAPIN & KATES KITCHEN. LAPIN is coming through the kitchen door. KATE and  CHRISTOPHER are now standing apart. Nothing is obvious but something about the atmosphere is off - wrong. Each of them knows it.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
INTERIOR: 2006. NIGHT. LAPIN & KATES HALL. KATE and LAPIN wave goodbye to CHRISTOPHER from the doorway of their home.  CHRISTOPHER drives away.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
LAPIN and KATE look at each other blankly, as they stand in the doorway.\ul \
}