{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. BY THE SIDE OF A LAKE. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The men run naked down the bank of the lake into the water. The night is moonlit and their skin is white against the water. EDWARD is not amongst them.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EDWARD sits smiling watching the other men swim. ANBESSA is waving to him. The other men are swimming. Near one of the men is the same light that followed SAUL when he swam... The light is only a small presence in the panel and should not be too obvious.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ANBESSA\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The moon blesses us! Come in. Wash your sins away.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EDWARD walks naked into the lake.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. ON THE LAKE. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EDWARD swims. The naked woman, La Donna d' la Agua, swims with him. She is scowling. The other men do not see her and are splashing around or swimming.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. BY THE SIDE OF A LAKE. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EDWARD is at the bank, half in and half out of the water. He is in great pain and the water is 'boiling' around him. Its colour is the same colour as the water trail left by the Lady of the Lake. The other men stare, shocked. Now they see the light and the boiling water.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The water! The pain! Help me!\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EDWARD sits a few feet from the waters edge. The water is calm now. He stares at his legs. There are no wounds - no burns. The other men stand a few feet from him... Looking at him intently - unsettled.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 But... It hurt so much!\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERGEANT\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Well you look alright now...\ul \
}