{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 2013. DAY. CAMPSITE. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ISABEL and SAUL are eating breakfast at their campsite. They are not speaking. ISABEL sits unnaturally far away from SAUL.\
Panel 2\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: 2013. DAY. FOREST PATH. DEEP IN THE FOREST.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ISABEL and SAUL walking in the forest. ISABEL is ten paces ahead. They are not speaking.\
Panel 3\
ISABEL and SAUL still walking in the forest. ISABEL is still ten paces ahead. They are still not speaking.\
Panel 4\
SAUL reaches out and takes ISABEL's hand in his own. She is turned away from him but she is looking back at him over her shoulder.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SAUL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I'm sorry. Jesus, Isabel. You were right. I'm sorry. I drink... too much... And too often.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ISABEL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Give it to me. All of it!\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ISABEL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Is this everything? \'bfTodo?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SAUL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Yes. All of it.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 6\
ISABEL pours the contents of the two bottles onto the ground... One in each hand. SAUL looks on embarrassed, trying to conceal his addicts surliness at watching the drink wasted.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>ISABEL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Now empty your backpack.\ul \ulc0 \
}