{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY. 2013. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ISABEL and SAUL are walking away from our view. They are seen from the rear.\
Panel 2\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY TO NIGHT. 2013. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. ISABEL and SAUL - we see the right hand profile. The left of the panel should be daylight, and as the eye travels along the width of the panel, it should become night.\
Panel 3\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY. 2013. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. Our view is from a rooftop looking down into the street. We are looking down upon the men while the walk along the street. We are looking over the shoulders of the three eyeless, winged, women. One of the womens hands rests on a roof tile. Next to it we can see the shape of a line. It is the same as the lion carved into the tree trunk by Anbessa.\
Panel 4\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: NIGHT TO DAY. 2013. VILLAGE STREET.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The panel should stretch the width of the page. ISABEL and SAUL - we see the right hand profile. The left of the panel should be night, and as the eye travels along the width of the panel, it should become day.\
Panel 5\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EXTERIOR: DAY. 2013. VILLAGE MARKET SQUARE.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ISABEL and SAUL emerge from a side street into the busy village square. They are seen from the other side of the square. SAUL is looking about him. ISABEL is smiling.\ul \ulc0 \
}