{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EXTERIOR: 1936. BARCELONA. NIGHT. VERY BUSY STREET. A view from the first floor balcony of a hotel. Over the two mens shoulders we see a mixture of trams, cars and mule carts. Old women shopping at stalls on the crowded square, shouting to make themselves heard. Straggling groups of children running between the traffic. Lean cats and mangy dogs, beggars and itinerant vendors. And everywhere, makeshift uniforms... khaki and boiler suit blue.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Barcelona 1936. A city given over to the proletariat.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone EXTERIOR: NIGHT. BAR. EDWARD and RICHARD sit opposite each other at an outside table. There are three wine bottles on the table. Two are empty and the third is half full. They look happy and content. Perhaps a little overwhelmed by the sights around them. In the background, a protest march is happening. Militia march with red banners saying "Ni Campesinos con hambre". At the rear of the march young children dressed in militia uniforms march. Their banners read "Queremos escuelas laicos". The youngest is about six and sucks her thumb.\ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone INTERIOR: NIGHT. CABARET BAR. EDWARD and RICHARD sit laughing amongst many others on a bench. Theirs is one of many other parallel benches in this smoky room. At the end of the room is a stage. On it a group of women dancers perform. A band perform to one side. The men in the audience whistle through their fingers. Many stand and shout to their friends in other rows. It is cheerful bedlam.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 They dance very... artistically. La revoluci\'f3n is quite the aphrodisiac.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
}