{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. MOUNTAIN PATH. ABOVE THE TREELINE. MOUNTAINS. The men are walking along a mountain path heading upwards. They look tired. There is a violent wind blowing against them and the sky is dark. They should be heavily bowed against the wind. It is not raining yet but they should look like they are in a storm.\ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
An old man is sitting on a large rock in front of them. He has his legs drawn up and has a rifle resting across them. He is a short fat man - barrel chested and wears a sheepskin jerkin. He has a large white moustache. He does not look frail in any way.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
TRIST\'c1N slaps his belly with both hands. He is smiling.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>TRIST\'c1N\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I am Trist\'e1n and I am a bandit. But I am not working today. Do you have anything to eat? I am emptier than a whores virtue.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EDWARD and the others are surrounded by a number of other bandits. Without exception, they are all fat, strong men like TRIST\'c1N. Some are middle aged, some are young but all appear strong and are well armed.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>TRIST\'c1N\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Do not worry about my friends. They are only here to make sure I get home to my wife. She is truly the frightening one.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
TRIST\'c1N is smiling and beckons them with a finger.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone <$ScrKeepWithNext>TRIST\'c1N\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It is nearly dinner time. It is not far and it will soon rain and then the wind will become strong.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
CALVINO is incredulous.\ulnone \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CALVINO\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The wind is not strong now?\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>TRIST\'c1N\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hah. No, this is a mere breeze. There is always much wind here. Like a priest after his lunch.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
}