{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. VILLAGE OUTSKIRTS. The men walk single file. In the background we can see the priest still sitting on the ground next to the fountain.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR:1936. NIGHT. IN THE FOREST. We see a fox caught in a wire loop snare. The snare is around the animals back leg and the fox is gnawing at the wire.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. THE SKY ABOVE THE FOREST. A plane in the sky. It is the plane that is hunting them.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. VILLAGE PLAZA. The panel should take up most of the page. It should be at the least the full width of the page. The priest still sits on the ground. The three young women with the bloody eye-sockets and the bat wings sit around him. One kneels on the ground next to him. The others sit behind him, on the side of the fountain in the plaza. To the other side of the priests sits the she-wolf. They stare at the reader as if positioned for a family photograph from the early 20th century. The priest is crying. They are lit by the flames coming from the buildings on all sides of the plaza. The village is on fire.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. FOREST PATH. IN THE FOREST. We see the patrol that is searching for Edward and the rest of the men. The patrol is walking single file. Prominent in the panel should be the rear view of the back/shoulder of one of the soldiers. On it should hang the snare trap we saw in panel 2 above. We should not see the fox though. The snare should be a symbol of the hunt.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. DAY. FOREST PATH. IN THE FOREST. We see Edward looking back over his shoulder towards us. The rest of the men move in single file along the path ahead of him. He looks concerned.\ul \
}