{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
PANEL 1\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EXTERIOR: 1936. NIGHT. RIVER BANK. DEEP IN THE FOREST. EDWARD and the other men are standing by the side of a wide river. Pieter lays on the stretcher on the ground. By the side of the river is a wooden post and attached to it by a thick chain is a bell, its clapper hanging down below it.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CALVINO\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As I said, the boatmans cottage is on the other side. See the light from the fire?\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 2\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERAFIN\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It is a risk.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SERGEANT\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Agreed. But the river is too wide to swim. And with Pieter... Anbessa, ring the bell.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 3\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
Anbessa stands ringing the bell. The background is a moonlit river stretching out to the other shore. The boatmans home is lit from the fire. The moon should be full and reflected in the water.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 4\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
Rear view of a row-boat big enough to carry the seven men. A figure is in the middle of the boat. It is rowing. It should be wearing a hooded cloak and be indistinct in the moonlight. You should not be able to discern its sex.\
\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 5\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
RICHARD and EDWARD are standing looking out towards the boat. The boat should be visible in the background... Its prow pointing towards the men.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>RICHARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 He's coming.\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul PANEL 6\
\pard\tx720\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
EDWARDS face should be squinting slightly as he looks out towards the boat.\
\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>EDWARD\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Actually, I think 'he' may be a 'she'.\ul \
}