{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CourierPrime;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\ri-720\sb360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PAGE <$N>
\f1 \
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone Panel 1\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2005. NIGHT. HOTEL BAR. CONFERENCE. OSLO.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL is sitting in at semi-circular booth table with four other people. He looks like a man suffering but too polite to show it. A sign on the wall should read 'Radison Hotel Oslo'. There are many drinks - full and empty on the table.\
Panel 2\
Everyone at the table is listening to a drunken delegate who is in the middle of telling a story.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I first met 'Professor Arsehole' - dont know his actual name - at last years Klee conference in Paris. He told the same boring story then too.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>PROFESSOR ARSEHOLE\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ...and so I told him that if it was good enough for Pollock it was good enough for me!\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 3\
Everyone at the table is laughing. SAUL is rising from his seat. He is not laughing.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>SAUL\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I'm going to the bar.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 4\
Saul is standing at the bar. The barman is in the background preparing drinks. A woman is standing next to SAUL. We cannot see her face.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>PROSTITUTE\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Would you like to buy me a drink?\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Panel 5\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2005. NIGHT. HOTEL LIFT. CONFERENCE. OSLO.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL and the PROSTITUTE are standing side by side in the hotel lift. They both face the reader. The walls of the lift are mirrored. Both people look neutral. A modern day 'American Gothic'.\
Panel 6\
\pard\li6480\ri-173\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 INTERIOR: 2005. DAY. HOTEL ROOM (BATHROOM). CONFERENCE. OSLO.\
\pard\li720\ri-720\sl-240\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SAUL is standing in front of his hotel room bathroom mirror. The room is brightly lit. He is shaving. The foam covers his face, and the razor in his right hand is cutting a single path through the foam on the left-hand side of his face.\
\pard\li3600\ri-360\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext>CAP\
\pard\li2160\ri720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the morning she cleaned herself and left. I rang my wife and, as she woke, told her I loved her.\
\pard\ri-720\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}